I'm a Brabander in hart and nieren. It's just a way of talking.
What is the best way to open the beerput?
Oh oh, the mommy's are already busy with breastfeeding tips and discounts.
I had not seen the clip, but I had never heard of it. It's called "Peak 90's" and is a soft focus style.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I don't know why people like it. I don't know why people like it.
Aaf brandt cortius had ooit een goede ezelsbrug. Degene die lijkt op Simon heet Nick, en degene die lijkt op Nick heet Simon.
I'm really invested. I'm really invested. I'm really invested.
This is too good to be true. It sounds too good to be true.
Yes, I understand better that he does not interfere with the slang because he does not know what he should do.
Ikeek me aan van ehhh, wat zei je?
The question is, "How do you feel that you think that this will not come out?"
I do not know any of these people. (
I love this song. It is a great song. It is also a great song. I recommend it to everyone.
I'm sorry, I don't believe that the children will continue to live a normal and safe life.
I'm ready for another one B. I've seen them 4 times.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Idiot, agressive, and unaware. Mag she even mee dealen?
Yes, you can see that they eat the real food. Also, you can see the operation in which they remove the food from their body.
Yes, he looks very similar to Jeroen Spitzenberger.
Doe dan Jan Kooiman aub!
Iedereone met lelijke foto's posten is awkward.
I don't think so much as this idiot.
Yes, when she was his age, she was still not born.
The question is, "Who are you really better?".
Yes, it is because De Croo met a private issue. (Lees: Possible schandaal with an Italian pornoactrice)
I'm sorry, I have a friend who likes Liam. I must share this with you.
I think you go girl, she does not doe her own boontjes.
It's funny how Wendy this also a television show presented against her son. It's very cringe.
I thought I would also like to see it, but if I hear it correctly, I will watch it later.
She has juice over her, also.
I'm laughing like someone knows a guarantee is that ie is not a stranger.
I don't know who ever thought that valerio was a good presenter. He speaks alsof he continu aan de zannies zit.
Irritant, it's not on the Npo site/app. It's not on the app.
I do not like Beyoncé. I do not like it.
I don't know what Rachel and Andre say.
Yes, my father's first girlfriend heette so. She had also a forname with a A, which is a nice alliteration.
Yes, you can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't
I'm sorry, how is that child from Rihanna? It's been godverredomme almost a month.
Yes, I do not think that this look was serious.
Yes, everything in twijfel te trekken en victim blamen.
The song is "Pimpf" from my head.
Yes, that makes a difference. I agree.
Iedere exen staan ook nog getatoeerd.
I'm laughing out loud. How sweet is this newspaper?
You have a vuurkorf, so this can be added.
Yes, Monique is gespot with an André ketting.
I had my address not in the gaten, so I have to remove it. Also, as long as it is not already done. Wss.
You are correct, that girl is a very conservative woman. I like Candy Owens.
Iemand must even bewijzen dat he met older women date.
That is also true, I find everything strange about this winactie.
The same group of people as 9gag.
Iemand is in need of zaad.
It seems that there is a Dexter's Lab hiphop album.
I'm asking if you mean "gemeen" instead of "onjuist"?
It is possible that she has all of the information incorrectly misrepresented. In that case, he will be dismissed as a wifebeater.
The fact that they met each other went to dinner in "proefkonijnen" was also very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
I find it disgusting that people are surprised that he does that to them. I do not like it that he does that to them.
I found him very good at you. I will have to confirm that.
Iemand is de belichaming van "Klein Piemel Energie".
The response of Chris is actually the response of someone who doesn't like drama. I don't care for drama. I don't care for it. It's on camera.
I do not think that you are a nice person.
Please let us know if there is another juicy item that you are interested in.
I'm going to use the frituurpan to naaien. If you use it for two hundred dollars, you will not want to use it for two hundred dollars. You will not want to use it for two hundred dollars. You will not want to use it for two hundred dollars.
I do not know that I am behinddochtig. I do not know that people lie.
I'm not sure that it was a misklik. (
I find that men hun waffels moeten houden en hun piem in de broek.
I have lifeofyvonne net also ontvolgd, was haar verongelijkte toontje en kledlnglijn echt zat.
It was a toilet roll that you had under your arm.
Yes, if you go to their website, you will not find anything to irritate you.
I'm also gierig. I'm also gierig.
Iedere jurk past in dit rijtje.
I always watched that on my small television in my bedroom when I was sleeping. I liked them all so much. They are all so cool and worlds.
It is awkward to say that, but then with such a high nasale voice.
I don't know, there is no place like this. There is no place like this. There is no place like this.
Yes, in this case, Jon De Mol wil praten, he was wellicht niet akkoord gegaan met de omgang met a man.
Yes, that is a comeback. Hand in ear with boezem. Woo hoo.
I do not know anything about Olivia wilde na this phase.
He seems too much like Jamai.
Oh, I thought that she was ijskoniging, but she is dr. Nickname here.
The song is, "Walgelijk walgelijk walgelijk walgelijk, hoe kun je zo zijn?"
Yes, it is a woman. She wants money.
I find him similar to Jort Kelder.
The man said that she would only want to zoen with other women. . . . .
I'm going to start with "excuus". Over z'n "excuus".
Yes, what a loser. Wow.
It is all about the family Kardashian. It is all about private. I agree.
I can't with those d/t mistakes.
It is the snoepje van de week.
The song "Wild 'n Out" is a song that I am familiar with. Is that song still available?
I think that in such a situation, there are also many gemengde feelings involved.
What do you think of Zendaya and her short king?
It is via my friend who is in Yvonne's app. For the rest is my friend very enjoyable.
I do not think that she is very attractive. . . . .
I don't like that Bibi post photos of Waylon post for Father's Day.
This is also very dangerous, plus she has a child that she uploads on Instagram.
It is funny that he makes pornovideos with his wife on onlyfans. Hahahahahaha
The question is, "What goes in zo'n man's head?"
I don't care. I don't care. I do not care.
Yes, I do not think that he will be involved with the opvoeding. I will have to read the TMZ article.
I am going to watch the close-ups at the end of the movie.
